<!-- This file is generated by `cargo xtask generate-docs`. Do not edit. -->
# `!admin users`

Commands for managing local users


## `!admin users create-user`

Create a new user

## `!admin users reset-password`

Reset user password

## `!admin users issue-password-reset-link`

Issue a self-service password reset link for a user

## `!admin users get-email`

Get a user's associated email address

## `!admin users get-user-by-email`

Get the user with the given email address

## `!admin users change-email`

Update or remove a user's email address.

If `email` is not supplied, the user's existing address will be removed.

## `!admin users deactivate`

Deactivate a user

User will be removed from all rooms by default. Use --no-leave-rooms to not leave all rooms by default.

## `!admin users deactivate-all`

Deactivate a list of users

Recommended to use in conjunction with list-local-users.

Users will be removed from joined rooms by default.

Can be overridden with --no-leave-rooms.

Removing a mass amount of users from a room may cause a significant amount of leave events. The time to leave rooms may depend significantly on joined rooms and servers.

This command needs a newline separated list of users provided in a Markdown code block below the command.

## `!admin users logout`

Forcefully log a user out of all of their devices.

This will invalidate all access tokens for the specified user, effectively logging them out from all sessions. Note that this is destructive and may result in data loss for the user, such as encryption keys. Use with caution. Can only be used in the admin room.

## `!admin users suspend`

Suspend a user

Suspended users are able to log in, sync, and read messages, but are not able to send events nor redact them, cannot change their profile, and are unable to join, invite to, or knock on rooms.

Suspended users can still leave rooms and deactivate their account. Suspending them effectively makes them read-only.

## `!admin users unsuspend`

Unsuspend a user

Reverses the effects of the `suspend` command, allowing the user to send messages, change their profile, create room invites, etc.

## `!admin users lock`

Lock a user

Locked users are unable to use their accounts beyond logging out. This is akin to a temporary deactivation that does not change the user's password. This can be used to quickly prevent a user from accessing their account.

## `!admin users unlock`

Unlock a user

Reverses the effects of the `lock` command, allowing the user to use their account again.

## `!admin users enable-login`

Enable login for a user

## `!admin users disable-login`

Disable login for a user

Disables login for the specified user without deactivating or locking their account. This prevents the user from obtaining new access tokens, but does not invalidate existing sessions.

## `!admin users list-users`

List local users in the database

## `!admin users list-joined-rooms`

Lists all the rooms (local and remote) that the specified user is joined in

## `!admin users force-join-room`

Manually join a local user to a room

## `!admin users force-leave-room`

Manually leave a local user from a room

## `!admin users force-leave-remote-room`

Manually leave a remote room for a local user

## `!admin users force-demote`

Forces the specified user to drop their power levels to the room default, if their permissions allow and the auth check permits

## `!admin users make-user-admin`

Grant server-admin privileges to a user

## `!admin users put-room-tag`

Puts a room tag for the specified user and room ID.

This is primarily useful if you'd like to set your admin room to the special "System Alerts" section in Element as a way to permanently see your admin room without it being buried away in your favourites or rooms. To do this, you would pass your user, your admin room's internal ID, and the tag name `m.server_notice`.

## `!admin users delete-room-tag`

Deletes the room tag for the specified user and room ID

## `!admin users get-room-tags`

Gets all the room tags for the specified user and room ID

## `!admin users redact-event`

Attempts to forcefully redact the specified event ID from the sender user

This is only valid for local users

## `!admin users force-join-list-of-local-users`

Force joins a specified list of local users to join the specified room.

Specify a codeblock of usernames.

At least 1 server admin must be in the room to reduce abuse.

Requires the `--yes-i-want-to-do-this` flag.

## `!admin users force-join-all-local-users`

Force joins all local users to the specified room.

At least 1 server admin must be in the room to reduce abuse.

Requires the `--yes-i-want-to-do-this` flag.
